update content for slipped ranking pages (#1444)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/if-you-liked-ksonnet-youll-love-pulumi/index.md

- Tutorial: [Operate and deploy to a Kubernetes cluster]({{< ref "/docs/reference/tutorials/kubernetes/tutorial-exposed-deployment" >}})
- Docs: [Pulumi docs]({{< ref "/docs/reference" >}}), including an
  [overview of the programming model]({{< ref "/docs/reference/programming-model" >}})
- Video: In February, we were honored to have Joe Beda

> [show where Pulumi fits in on his TGIKlivestream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILMK65YVSKw),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[show where Pulumi fits in on his TGIK livestream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILMK65YVSKw),
```
?

highlighting how to use your favorite language and consistent workflows to create,
deploy, and manage cloud resources across multiple clouds and

> Kubernetes. [Watch Joe Beda take Pulumi for a spin here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILMK65YVSKw)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes. [Watch Joe Beda take Pulumi for a spin here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILMK65YVSKw).
```

Nit
